Simplify the example used for case objects. (#2172)
scala/docs.scala-lang: _overviews/scala3-book/domain-modeling-tools.md

case object StopPlaying extends Message
```

> Then in other parts of your code you can write methods like this, which use pattern matching to handle (possibly by some methods similar to the ones mentioned as comments) the incoming message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then in other parts of your code, you can write methods like this, which use pattern matching to handle the incoming message (assuming the methods `playSong`, `changeVolume`, and `stopPlayingSong` are defined somewhere else):
```

```scala

> def handleMessages(msg: Message): String = msg match
>   case PlaySong(name)      => s"Playing song ${name}"      // playSong(name)
>   case IncreaseVolume(amt) => s"Increase volume by ${amt}" // changeVolume(amt)
>   case DecreaseVolume(amt) => s"Decrease volume by ${amt}" // changeVolume(-amt)
>   case StopPlaying         => s"Stopped playing music"     // stopPlayingMusic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
def handleMessages(message: Message): Unit = message match
  case PlaySong(name)         => playSong(name)
  case IncreaseVolume(amount) => changeVolume(amount)
  case DecreaseVolume(amount) => changeVolume(-amount)
  case StopPlaying            => stopPlayingMusic()
```

Author: This sounds great! I like your changes. Thank you.

Since I'm fine with this change, but new at doing PR, should I hit the "Resolve conversation" button now? Please let me know if I need to do anything else.
